Project information:
Here is the beginning of Project 1 of 3 for this semester: The RC Car

I uploaded a video of all the wiring, so the project can be duplicated
Please note that the RC car and controller must use the same frequency to work
The orange car, and it’s controller, 49mhz. The white and black car use 27mhz, and must be used with a 27mhz controller

The source code might look confusing because there are four digital pins that are being used on the Adafruit; from left
to right, they are: 2, 3, 5, 6, there is no pin 4. Right now, two MyoWares are being used, one to move the car forwards,
 and one to move it backwards. Two more can be added to move the car left and right

When wearing the MyoWares, the MyoWare boards should not touch your skin. Look for letters on the MyoWare boards. Connect
 the E and M wires as closely together as possible, to the muscle that you want to use. Connect R anywhere you want, away
  from the muscle

How the unmodified controller normally works:
Power is given to the controller board, the functions for sending all buttons pressed to the car are called, and then the
 buttons open and close the circuit. This means the function cannot repeat until the circuit is closed, and we need to
 connect Ground from the button to the adafruit

On other controllers (if we buy different brands) might deliver power to the controller board, then use the button to open
the circuit, then after the button closes the circuit, the function to send the pressed button to the car is called.

You can tell the difference by using a multimeter voltage detector, comparing voltage when the button is pressed or released

How the EMG controller works:
We took the unmodified controller, removed all the buttons, and connected Ground from all buttons to Digital Input pins.
 By using programming, we can the pinMode of each pin to either INPUT or OUTPUT.

By setting a pin to OUTPUT, and connecting a button’s Ground to that pin, the circuit is complete, and the button is
triggered

By setting a pin to INPUT, and connecting a button’s Ground to that pin, the circuit is broken, and the button is released

What to do for other controllers (for other brands):
Rather than connecting Ground wires from the controller buttons to Adafruit, you will need to connect Power lines.
Then, you will need to use digitalWrite to send voltage to the button
